1.	What makes a good Full Stack Engineer and how do you fit that criteria?

A good full stack engineer should be an avid learner.  I get excited every time I learn something new, 
and even more excited when I realize that there are multiple alternatives for completing that same task.  



2.	What are your top three technical skills and why?

A good full stack engineer should possess:
- good communication skills
- a solutions driven aptitude (problem solving skills)
- and a team oriented mind-set
    My communication has been an invaluable tool for success in effective transference of ideas, 
    making meaningful decisions, and executing tasks efficiently.  They have also allowed me to react quickly in times of immediate change.

    Problem solving is another skill that has driven me to many successes and many failures.  I see failing to solve a problem 
    as valuable as reaching the solution.

    Sometimes it takes a village to solve a problem, and having meaningful communication with team members that are as driven as 
    myself to reach a conclusion is another tool that unbelievably important 



3.	Name a challenge you overcame in a professional setting or on a project.

A challenge that I overcame on a project was one where I was tasked with creating a full testing suite for a large web based application.
I had no experience in the language nor the testing technology that I was tasked with.  
I had to research and network with individuals that were able to provide insight in both areas.  This lead to perspiration and dedication 
at maximum efforts.  
The final outcome for my efforts was successfully completing and exceeding the given requirements for the project and task.
I produced a final testing suite that covered 80% of the written code, and 100% of the executable functions with in that code.


4.	Think about the most exciting and energizing aspect of your current position. What do you enjoy about it and why?

One exciting aspect of my current position at Talent Path is the prospect of learning, 
but even more so is helping.  When team members have an impediment that I can assist with, 

